Microsoft look back (#19066)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftCloudAppSecurity/ReleaseNotes/2_0_1.md

#### Integrations
##### Microsoft Cloud App Security

> - Added support for the *lookback* parameter in ***fetch-incidents*** to allow fetching older incidents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for the *lookback* parameter in the ***fetch-incidents*** command to ensure fetching all incidents.
```
